4 minutes
Buch
Babapapapapa Papapapapapa
The amount of medicine that Rei Ayanami is taking
Pull a little
Barbada Papa Papa Papa
Misato's car
Tend to roll over
Barbada Papa Papa Papa
Kansai dialect exaggerated too much of Toji Suzuhara
Papapapapapapapapapapapa Bar Bar Bar
If it is made overseas, it tends to explode
Barbada Papa Papa Papa
Shinji sees a dream roughly the train
Apapapapapapapapapapapapa dad
Volume of apostolic blood
Too much
Arbor Papapapapapapapapapapapa dad
Asuka and Rei Beta
If Arbor Papapapapapapapapapapapapapa
Yeah
How is everyone, this is also No. 18
Please go to see by all means because there is a fun videos in such a ne to other
Go now and tofu degree cut also up a variety of the latest video and cut body per planning from this
So please register by all means Channel registration is the channel registration below the video
Press the button
I do I will